[Music]
the Bermuda Triangle mystery has been
solved
how many creepy stories about the
disappearing of airplanes and ships in
the Bermuda Triangle have you heard we
guess a whole bunch it is a large area
in the Atlantic Ocean between Florida
cuarto Rico and Bermuda this region is
notorious for its mysterious phenomena
huge amounts of ships and planes have
disappeared here its second name is the
devil's triangle all those mythical
vanishings happened under unknown and
unexplained circumstances some of the
planes and ships have never been found
there have been many theories about why
it all occurs in that area starting from
water spouts to aliens and even sea
monsters but those were only theories
[Music]
reports go back to 1945 when five
American torpedo bombers and a plane
that was sent out to find them all
vanished without a trace
since that day another 75 aircraft and
several hundred ships have been lost the
latest tragedy happened in 2015 when the
cargo ship El Faro disappeared in this
region El Faro was a u.s. vessel
traveling from Florida to Puerto Rico it
disappeared from the radars on the 1st
of October 2015 and was found wreck on
the bottom of the ocean on the 31st of
October
[Music]
another big incident happened on the
20th of June 2005 when the first Piper
PA airplane disappeared in the Bermuda
Triangle there were three people on
board the second similar incident
happened on the 10th of April 2007 when
one more Piper pa airplane disappeared
near Bury Island
there was only one pilot on board
without any passengers
neither plane has ever been found there
were small incidents as well
a luxury cabin cruiser witchcraft that
belonged to Buraq who owns a popular
hotel as well went along the shore of
Miami together with his father to enjoy
the beauty of Christmas lights in 1967
after some time the shore guard got a
call from Buraq who said that his vessel
hit something and asked for towing when
the guard arrived at the place after 20
minutes they couldn't find anyone the
boat together with Barak and his father
disappeared and have never been found
many stories are whirling around this
area but now finally the mystery behind
the Bermuda Triangle may have been
solved at least that's what a science
Channel show claims a team of American
scientists from the University of
Colorado analyze satellite weather
images of this notorious area and
noticed a series of unusual hexagonal
clouds on them the meteorologists
theorized that these clouds might act
like real air bombs it's believed they
are the main cause of the deadly blasts
of air which can easily exceed 170 miles
per hour
these hurricane-force winds literally
blow up the air and can generate waves
of more than 45 feet in length
no ship can survive such a storm and no
aircraft can withstand such a wind
clouds don't typically form straight
edges however judging by the satellite
images the Bermuda Triangle is an
exception to this rule the announcement
of this theory has motivated a lot of
further research scientists from all
over the globe are trying to figure out
what the reasons for such anomalies are
[Music]
do you know any other Bermuda Triangle
stories do you have another theory for
all those abnormalities share them in
the comment section below as for me I
was once lost in the Bermuda Triangle
but I was rescued by an alien who left
me off at area 51
true story don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and will tell you
other mysterious theories about our
planet see you back here soon
on the bright side of life
[Music]